[SP-1618] update sysdig_monitor_notification_channel_ibm_event_notific… (#458)
sysdiglabs/terraform-provider-sysdig: website/docs/r/monitor_notification_channel_ibm_event_notification.md

}
```

```terraform
# IBM event notification registering in different account 
resource "sysdig_monitor_notification_channel_ibm_event_notification" "sample" {
	name                    = "Example Channel - IBM Event Notification"
	enabled                 = true
	instance_id             = "crn:v1:bluemix:public:event-notifications:global:a/59bcbfa6ea2f006b4ed7094c1a08dcdd:1a0ec336-f391-4091-a6fb-5e084a4c56f4::"
	notify_when_ok          = false
	notify_when_resolved    = false
	share_with_current_team = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Notification Channel. Must be unique.

> * `instance_id` - (Required) id of the Event Notifications Instance. Id value can be either an instance id or CRN. If the event notification instance is within the same account, use the acutal instance id. If it is in a different accout, then use the Event Notifications Instance's [CRN](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-crn).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `instance_id` - (Required) id of the Event Notifications Instance. Id value can be either an instance id or CRN. If the event notification instance is within the same account, use the actual instance id. If it is in a different account, then use the Event Notifications Instance's [CRN](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/account?topic=account-crn).   
```
